you can both support and be sad at the same time.
That is, you support the killers,
but at the same time
you are sad. You also support the killer. How
can you say that Russia
bombed Mariupol
?
But the Russian soldiers are a
hypocrite. You are now drawing like this,
you know some circles, so
build yourself some kind of creative
personality, but at the same time, I don’t really feel sorry for the
children, I feel sorry for me, I support the operation, I
support the guys who are bombing.
My country already supports
my guys, I can’t. That is, you are sad,
but you will support the war in Ukraine.
it turns out
so well yes good in something well as possible
at the same time and  support and be sad
you support the killers but be sad at the
same time
you also support the killer don't stop
stop we will support the hero because they
defend our country they don't attack
yours really
until they attack look for example you
say
in Russia there in Moscow where we attacked
Donetsk and Luhansk  area is the
territory of Ukraine
and here is Russia and here is Russia
Wait where is Russia
attacked our people, that is, These are your
people or these are our people, let's start with
whether it was Ukraine or Russia
was Ukraine
Now look, let's say that
Ukraine attacked Donetsk Luhansk there
and  for this, Russia bombed the
Russian-speaking Kharkov Mariupol
Correctly, I understand that
in order to answer your question
you need to clarify what information
you are transmitting everything is
correct on
TV telegram channel and so gave  her She is
True and
complete Correctly I understand I’m not sure
because all the information can be
part of both The true part is not True
it’s logical
therefore how can you say that
Russia bombed Mariupol
Are you kidding like or I have a
bunch of friends evacuated to Mariupol
We also have children at school  study from
Mariupol for a month they sat in the basement
And then who bombed then if they were sitting in the
basement who bombed
tried to leave who bombed
first Azov Azov bombed residential areas
or finished like this, do you really
think it is
you with such calm cold blood
Tell about the murder of children what  you
support it. So otherwise we
attacked you there,
but regarding the attack, it was a matter of
time, it’s not in vain that it’s alive, it’s not in vain that Ukraine was
pumped up so much, it’s a
matter of time.
for no reason I hit you in the nose
because oh no If I hadn't hit you in the nose you would have hit
me  apali,
you will find fat on me And now you want
us to just attack you, that
is, a passerby, so that is, Ukraine was
pumped up with weapons so that it would attack
Russia.
february, the
defense of the stop began. That is, you again.
Wait, you. I don’t know. You just do
n’t. I don’t know. You are saying that
Ukraine would attack Russia
in order to stop these. But you
yourself.
Yes, of course
But even for five whole days Smolensk
was the capital of
Belarus in 18. But you yourself, by nationality,
who I am Russian Russian Yes, you look
Russian, and you will now support the
murder of Russian and
Russian-speaking children by Russian soldiers in Kharkov in
Mariupol and so
on  today, too, shelling was like this on the
territory of Ukraine
, people are dying. True, of
course,
it means that the truth is killing them.
Who is killing? Well, Russian soldiers,
look if I'm kidding
for example,
I didn’t aim at your school, just some kind of chick like
in a yellow T-shirt She died
walking nearby
I’m a killer or not then I’m calling
Yu No you
are hypocritical now you are a hypocrite looking You are
now drawing like this there you know some circles
so build yourself some kind of creative
person there, but at the same time, I don’t feel sorry for the
children,
I support the operation, I support the
guys who are bombing Well, it turns out
Yes, who are bombing your Natsiks here we
have raised, that is, Natsikals are being bombed in
Mariupol in Kharkov they are bombing Natsiks and
Kharkov  so far, the military structure, that
is, well, look. I have a friend
who was a mathematician. She died in
Kharkov from shelling of
animals at the feeders of Feldman Park. She
has no idea.
The expert is very good No you
know right away what A what is for example
a simple  the city is falling on the city and you
saw a photograph of the bombed irpen of
Mariupol Kharkov
Who were the Russian troops there who
bombed the
aviation who bombed
I ask you I ask you I don’t
know let’s Here you are with us Expert
I understood, that is, you let down the Ukrainians
bombilite or Americans Americans
Let me tell you  I don’t know, damn it. I understand
well. As I understand it, you know, here’s an interesting
character. You’ll probably still say that
there were no Bucci genocides, even this was
staged.
at least it’s stupid in ours who
did it then, well, I don’t know who did it
, that’s just the point,
we need to conduct an investigation
on the 30th we left the city measures 31 says
that everything is fine with us, we kicked out these
Russians kicked out if they
appear on level 4
corpses appear that
one day ago, I can establish from the corpse
when he was killed True Well,
according to both photos and videos t  you can’t really see it from
the corpses, that is, there are
international international experts
there, but you saw you saw the corpses Yes, I didn’t
see, look, and
now look a minute ago you claimed
that the Ukrainian Nazis were
bombing something there without any evidence A  here and
here and here you don’t need an investigation And
soon, let’s keep the
Russian troops
like this among the Russians in Peacetime There are
rapists, there are murderers
Why do you think that these troops
that stood there uncontrollably and
drank for a month did not make these funds
in each case, it is necessary to conduct an
investigation for now  what I only hear is
that you know your comrades from Ukraine
say that the children of my acquaintances were
raped from the last one means One
soldier entered the house and raped six women at a time,
how did you not hear this,
well, I heard about the departure group
rape
do you think that the events of
animals do you think  that these are all
performances and corpses of rape so this is
ours it deceives yes
Let them go to Which court  What are you but what is
your favorite chapter Do you adore
Wait That is, I understand you now in
order not to admit that you
support rapists and murderers
because you support you start Go
to the mountains go judge so further Yes I
understood correctly Yes no
every crime  there must be an
investigation correctly and in
peacetime, including correctly, that is, you
look at your personal opinions as a
person,
you support what the Russian troops
did in being or not, or you
condemn it, we don’t know who
did it.  want
to accept that it was done by Russian troops
So we don’t know, so I understand, that is, you
can accept what you did, your
cleansing group I categorically deny
this
because you understand when the
troops come in and liberate them and they
can’t make a corpse about which two
weeks the truth is
not  maybe
it’s not very pleasant
[music]
That is, it’s hard for you to admit that
let’s say it’s morally gnawing at you, but
you can’t  you can’t say it So yes, like
they are Bastards like That’s because here I
support Russian even if they are a
bastard, that is, your Russians are
acquaintances there. For example, if they
rape someone in front of your eyes, you will
support them because it’s your own that
you need to support like this  if I see what is
happening,
I will do everything to
stop it. Look now, the invasion
of Ukraine is an illegal
act, so people came to a foreign
state with a war
because people came to their
otherwise foreign state, but on the contrary,
you support it
Why  it started with the fact that your
government, that is, something is wrong with the
brains Great imperial ideas And
what date did it all start, the number somewhere, I
think about 300 years ago, it started That's how
it still drags on
[music]
textbooks
can still  just laugh you have a very
cool laugh Sorry for the
current conflict Let's go back
this year when it all started on
February 24 and February 21  What happened on
February 21, the
Russian Federation signed these
agreements on a group of cooperation with the LPR
and the DPR And what is the LPR DPR an
independent state is not
formed such Russian puppets
That is, you understand that
they have no independence, that is, it is
in the temporarily occupied Ukrainian
territories so Russian  the administration
is Russian simply Strongly of
course it’s Well said
or decide
everything goes, that is, not the British not Johnson
don’t get in the way I
understood it well And how is it with you Hatred of the
British for the Americans I see so I
recently read today such a
beautiful Irish there is a saying
If your neighbors are with each other  they fight,
so an Englishman came to visit them,
I will
never talk about friendship so interesting
. How else do you call people names on
national grounds
?
well, the Saxons
once lived on the territory of the British
Isles And where such a Land of Saxony
it was big It was in the north of
Europe in the same place when the Vikings
and the French and so it’s not the
Vikings to be Anglo
I mean that the territory it changed
it was like in the territory of the action where they came from
The British Isles were conquered
in what years they came to
this, I won’t say after the Roman
Empire after the collapse of the Roman Empire,
yes, there
were Germanic tribes from the territory of Germany
and Northern Saxony This is what
sexuane are These are the lands of Germany now
That is, the Germans understand you know that the
French are like this  the Franks were the tribes of the
Franks
no Please tell me, too, the
Germanic tribes the
French, these are the Franks was the Empire of
Franco, you can remember Charlemagne
there, you already jumped there thousands of
years ahead,
this is all too late Yes, it's late, yes,
that is, I understand you are breaking off somewhere
For 200 years, your history is
disappearing. Well, let's not torture you with
history. So let's return.  I’m still with the
Anglo-Saxons and the Americans So why is the
Russian everyone loves the Americans and the British so much,
but everyone wants to live in America in
Britain
people from Russia leave for the USA
people don’t go British Americans don’t
go to Russia
and who brings down what percentage of the outflow of the
population Well  what kind of people leave people
leave people want to live in more
developed countries And from the USA or Britain
they don’t go there to some kind of Smolensk klyazma,
I don’t know
regions I
like you understand Here you
live around you all imported
taxis from Britain from America
cars there equipment is phones
phone what
iPhone and Honor iPhone you have yes that is you have a
Pindos phone but you hate the
USA so they want to capture you I didn’t
say  such that I can’t do anything against the people of the
state,
but against someone Well, I do
n’t represent the government like that, it represents
That is, it turns out the American people are
good  the American state is
good and the American government is
bad,
that is, you are like for trump, you
should
have been against it.
you are waiting How many
google in the American iPhone
10 years older than Putin
he has some real
health problems I’m just Putin is healthy
and Putin is healthy young
In the 80s there were funerals for funerals
Well, that's not how you
have Yeltsin, too, was an old fart,
this Putin, an old fart, here we have
young Zelensky,
well, they all come Normal and
then they just
grow old a little,
then And here you have  I have children I don’t have any And I don’t
plan on
principle Yes, why raise them so
that the empire sends them to die  like to
Ukraine is also correct
No, absolutely normal
Well, yes, I may have
health problems I don’t know, I see you have
problems with thinking there with your brains
You probably smoke something there It’s not clear
I don’t know what Kim smokes
and you watch Kim  And so
Well, yes, of course. That is, you follow the
news in Ukraine, you are interested in what
kind of motivates you to watch the
news,
but Well then, you watch our media,
your media.
combat,
so
it turns out, you understand what a
huge loss of these Russian guys are
simple Russian guys who, like
you, are not planning children now because
they are already surviving, they died and here you are,
in your opinion, for what they died
and what are the interests of the state the
interests of the state  in protecting
their sovereignty
and who and how once again encroached on the
sovereignty of Russia
for many years after the start of the
conflict in the Donbass
collective  The West actively pumped up
Ukraine the question why is
your sign a civil war Why did the West
pump up Ukraine
I'm waiting for an answer from you Well
I still don't know him
You ask a question How does Google let
it go into space like that Well let's rhetorically
go out on the balcony like that Why did the
collective West pump up  chicken
weapons
But why the collective West is now
pumping weapons out
is very understandable So why
to defeat the
Empire of Russia is
cool Oh you are already starting to think I
like your
processes so the music they start to
think in the right direction so
[music]
that the West continues to dehumanize
Russia of Russians Independence
And pump the
agenda Can you explain that the essence of the word
continues to dehumanize
? Because I didn’t quite understand
to call orcs non-Western Orcs Don’t
ascribe it We Ukrainians call
Easterners
I personally
also just heard the word Orcs on your
television,
and television, as you know, performs
see order again  here I am, as a
person from Ukraine, do not ascribe to the
West the name of you as orcs, this is our
merit, we are proud of this that we call you a
morder, we call you orcs
Because that's how it is